Update sorting-basic.rst (#1049)
jameshughes89/cs102: src/site/topics/sorting/sorting-basic.rst

* If :math:`n` is very small, there's a reasonable chance to end up with a sorted collection after a while

> * But to put things into perspective, there are a total :math:`8.0658175x10^{67}` permutations of a deck of 52 cards ``!``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* But to put things into perspective, there are a total :math:`8.0658175 \times 10^{67}` permutations of a deck of 52 cards ``!``
```

>     * To put *this* in perspective, there are roughly :math:`2.4\times10^{67}` atoms in the Milky Way

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * To put *this* in perspective, there are roughly :math:`2.4 \times 10^{67}` atoms in the Milky Way
```
